README.md, before:

# allocator. WIP. This library is under construction.
![Build](https://github.com/storozhukBM/allocator/workflows/Build/badge.svg) [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator)
#
Primitive arena allocator

List build targets
```
go run make -h
```

Verify
```
go run make verify
```

Or you can prebuild make tool and use it like that
```
go run make itself
./make verify
```

Roadmap
1. arena map on top of linear hashing alg
1. instrumented arena
1. create additional methods for allocation within limits that can accept to sizes (minSize, preferableSize)
1. close arena function
1. arena leak detector
1. to ref pointers leak detector
1. thread safe arena registry:
    1. with whole registry allocation limit
    1. by type arena pools
    1. metrics  

Done:
1. Raw arena implementation
1. General arena wrapper with basic metrics
1. Support fetch current allocation offset
1. Preallocate arena buffer
1. Arena options
1. Wrap arenas into each other
1. Set allocation limits
1. Clear whole arena
1. Byte slice allocation options
    1. Capacity management
    1. Append function
    1. Separate hiding header that can be resolved to []byte
    1. Full slice copy to general heap option
    1. String cast option
    1. Copy to heap with to string cast
    1. Arena string allocation option from passed []byte
    1. Optimization of append to consecutive byte slices where we try to fit allocation in currently available buffer
1. Code generation - take into account the observability of specified structure
1. Option to clean a underlying arena during clear in Generic allocator
1. Make sure that Append works on top of "empty" slices
1. Tests with '-d=checkptr'
1. Make arena.Buffer.WriteString throw panic on allocation error to bo compatible with bytes.Buffer
1. Documentation for the generated code
1. Add sub-slicing to the generated code and arena.Bytes

Commit message:

Use unsafe pointers in raw allocator to fix potential alignment problems (#19)
* Use unsafe pointers in raw allocator to fix potential alignment problems

* Fix clear bug and generated code

* Update linter to 1.30.0 version

* Fix performance degradation in Clear

README.md, after:

# allocator. WIP. This library is under construction.
![Build](https://github.com/storozhukBM/allocator/workflows/Build/badge.svg) [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator?status.svg)](http://godoc.org/github.com/storozhukBM/allocator)
#
Primitive arena allocator

List build targets
```
go run make -h
```

Verify
```
go run make verify
```

Or you can prebuild make tool and use it like that
```
go run make itself
./make verify
```

Roadmap
1. get rid of reflect in library code by replacing reflect.SliceHeader with private type
1. arena map on top of linear hashing alg
1. instrumented arena
1. create additional methods for allocation within limits that can accept to sizes (minSize, preferableSize)
1. close arena function
1. arena leak detector
1. to ref pointers leak detector
1. thread safe arena registry:
    1. with whole registry allocation limit
    1. by type arena pools
    1. metrics  

Done:
1. Raw arena implementation
1. General arena wrapper with basic metrics
1. Support fetch current allocation offset
1. Preallocate arena buffer
1. Arena options
1. Wrap arenas into each other
1. Set allocation limits
1. Clear whole arena
1. Byte slice allocation options
    1. Capacity management
    1. Append function
    1. Separate hiding header that can be resolved to []byte
    1. Full slice copy to general heap option
    1. String cast option
    1. Copy to heap with to string cast
    1. Arena string allocation option from passed []byte
    1. Optimization of append to consecutive byte slices where we try to fit allocation in currently available buffer
1. Code generation - take into account the observability of specified structure
1. Option to clean a underlying arena during clear in Generic allocator
1. Make sure that Append works on top of "empty" slices
1. Tests with '-d=checkptr'
1. Make arena.Buffer.WriteString throw panic on allocation error to bo compatible with bytes.Buffer
1. Documentation for the generated code
1. Add sub-slicing to the generated code and arena.Bytes
